
🚨 SMART CONTACT DETECTION:
🚨 CRITICAL: Emails found in HTML: info@civitas.network, info@civitas.network
🚨 LOCATION CONTEXT: (function(){"use strict";if(window.VWO=window.VWO||[],window.VWO.coreLibExecuted)return;var e,t,n,o,
🚨 LOCATION CONTEXT: hide_element_style = 'opacity:0 !important;filter:alpha(opacity=0) !important;background:none !impor
🚨 LOCATION CONTEXT: 20% discount50% discount20% discount50% discount3 months free6 months freeUp to 90% discount$1000 in
🚨 LOCATION CONTEXT: .wf-force-outline-none[tabindex="-1"]:focus{outline:none;}CIVITAS ▼  A Private Network for Founders 



=== HOMEPAGE PAGE (https://www.civitas.network/) ===
CIVITAS ▼ A Private Network for Founders & CEOs in South Africa Become a member Take Your Business To The Next Level Join our private network and connect with high-growth CEOs and founders Apply now Am I a fit? Member Performance Member Benefits Civitas members run some of the fastest-growing businesses in their cities and industries. Our model creates meaningful connections and practical learning experiences between peers, all with minimal time commitment. The goal is to help our members accelerate growth, strengthen their leadership teams, and ease stress by tapping into the insights from top-performing members. Average annual growth 390% Annual revenue growth (Top 10% members) +1bn Over $1 billion funding raised CIVITAS members View members Warren Myers Founder of Aura Built the most advanced emergency response tool in the world. Raised R62 million in funding. Over 400 000 active users. Civitas Johannesburg Brad Eyre Founder at Epic Deals and Platinum Repairs Has founded multiple business including Epic Deals one of South Africa's largest and most trusted online retailers of pre-loved technology. Civitas Johannesburg Stuart Blyth Founder of HubTiger Built the world’s 1# bike shop software management platform. Expanded into over 20 countries and counting. Civitas Johannesburg Rapelang Rabana Founder of FFWD Innovation Built South Africa’s leading innovation agency. Venture Partner at GrindstoneXL. Young Global Leader of World Economic Forum. Civitas Johannesburg Ross Mains-Sheard CEO at Versofy Solar Led Versofy Solar to become a market leader in the residential solar industry in South Africa. Helping generate over 25,000,000 kWh annually. Civitas Johannesburg Nithen Naidoo CEO Snode Build award-winning cyber security firm that operates in six continents and monitors over five million devices. Civitas Johannesburg Julia Rosslee Founder of Julep Founded one of SA's most loved flower brands with new 'in bud' long box delivery and photo gift cards. Civitas Cape Town ...


=== CONTACT PAGE (https://www.civitas.network/contact) ===
Contact Become a member Contact We are here to help you. For any queries or questions please email us. info@civitas.network Get in touch First name Last name Email Phone Message Thank you! Your submission has been received! Oops! Something went wrong while submitting the form. Become a member Join CIVITAS, an exclusive business network designed to connect, empower, and elevate professionals across industries. Apply now Start a Chapter Starting a CEO peer learning network doesn’t have to be complicated. Apply now Frequently asked questions Read more Connect Learn Join now ↗ Quick links Home Who we are Gallery Careers Contact Members Our members Member benefits Become a member Chapters View all chapters Start a chapter Resources Library FAQ's Subscribe Thank you! Your submission has been received! Oops! Something went wrong while submitting the form. Terms of service Privacy Policy Proudly, designed, developed and maintained by Tecbot CONTACT_SECTION: Become a member Join CIVITAS, an exclusive business network designed to connect, empower, and elevate professionals across industries. Apply now CONTACT_SECTION: Connect & Learn Join now ↗ Quick links Home Who we are Gallery Careers Contact Members Our members Member benefits Become a member Chapters View all chapters Start a chapter Resources Library FAQ's Subscribe Thank you! Your submission has been received! Oops! Something went wrong while submitting the form. Terms of service Privacy Policy CONTACT_SECTION: Connect & Learn Join now ↗ Quick links Home Who we are Gallery Careers Contact Members Our members Member benefits Become a member Chapters View all chapters Start a chapter Resources Library FAQ's Subscribe Thank you! Your submission has been received! Oops! Something went wrong while submitting the form. Terms of service Privacy Policy CONTACT_SECTION: Connect & Learn Join now ↗ Quick links Home Who we are Gallery Careers Contact Members Our members Member benefits Become a member Chapters View all chapters St...


=== ABOUT PAGE (https://www.civitas.network/about) ===
Who is Civitas Become a member Helping founders succeed We believe that founders are a force for good in the world. They build, create jobs, raise living standards, pay taxes, and solve problems. -That’s why we've been obsessed with one question: how can we help founders succeed? More successful companies = a better world. Our search for answers led us to a range of studies that showed that if a founder 1. Get funded by aworld-classs accelerator, 2. Joined a top CEO network or 3. Belonging to the right community or tribe, drastically improved their odds of success The problem? Most founders don’t have access to these communities. Our mission was to create a community that was a mash up of Y Combinator (the world top accelerator), Young Presidents organisation (the world’s largest CEO network), and a wealthy entrepreneurial family and make it radically affordable to anyone who had the potential of building a $100 million dollar company. 'We believed if we could do this we could significantly increase the number of founders that were able to build companies that impacted the world. We have been doing this for 5 years, helping founders reach major milestones. Along the way, some of the smartest founders have enriched our community by sharing their success stories. If you’re ready to learn from their experiences and contribute your own, join us. Let’s build something amazing together. Ryan Osher & Paul Smith Civitas founders Mission Transform founders’ lives We measure our progress by the number of founders we help and the impact we have on their lives. To us, impact means helping founders boost profits, finding more enjoyment in their work and reducing time spent working on business operations. We achieve this by helping founders solve problems quickly, connecting them to peers, energising them to take action, and nudging them to reach the next level. How we aim to transform founders lives We’re here to help members level up and upgrade the overall calibre of our commu...


=== OTHER PAGE (https://www.civitas.network/careers) ===
Careers Become a member Shape your Future with Us Join the Civitas team Mission Transform founders’ lives We measure our progress by the number of founders we help and the impact we have on their lives. To us, impact means helping founders boost profits, finding more enjoyment in their work and reducing time spent working on business operations. We achieve this by helping founders solve problems quickly, connecting them to peers, energising them to take action, and nudging them to reach the next level. master plan Build a community model that significantly increases a founder's odds of success. Empower founders to replicate the model in other cities while investing in the most promising. Help thousands of founders launch similar communities worldwide. Support hundreds of thousands of founders in scaling businesses that contribute to making the world a better place. Read our master plan Civitas Values We believe that bringing together a team of A-players, who prioritise the team while delivering exceptional work, is the foundation of a truly amazing workplace. Players Only At Civitas, we strive to embody the practices of great CEOs. We’re highly organised, action-oriented, and committed to making smart decisions while giving our best effort every day. Team players We aim to attract people you’d be excited to work with - people who energise, challenge, and support one another. Our goal is to nudge each other and help everyone on the team get to the next level. Great work We’re driven to become leaders in our respective fields and to produce work we’re proud of - work we’d be excited to sign our names to. Customer Service Delivering exceptional customer experiences is what we’re all about. We strive to exceed expectations and provide the kind of “wow” moments that leave a lasting impact on every customer we serve. Open roles We aim to make a big impact while enjoying a great lifestyle. We love what we do and are fortunate to work alongside some of the smartest, most in...


EXTRACTED_EMAILS: info@civitas.network, us.info@civitas.networkget
